look at that little dude sitting on the
are you sure that's not a lesbian which
corner is he going to spawn in fans
Corner a corner b or Corner C you're
black hey what up man I'm getting us
some loot don't worry oh huh I missed
the he's eating a raft your raft is your
home oh my god get
it there's no way get your fat ass
dreads out of my face
what was
that would you quit hitting
me no get
[Music]
up
dude I'll give you guys the tour so far
we got a Stairway to Heaven a bed with
some entertainment in front of
it um shark [__] he ate my calendar and
the wall he ate
everything get him oh yeah look at this
are you able to steer us yeah all right
it's Mi that way we found some land fans
we're going to this island sucks I died
help I'm in the
water we found something fans we found
something Sean it's taking
off you got the
crate okay
cool I can't get you
oh my God we're on day five this is what
our raft looks like you know the crop
Farm you like the the motivational quote
I got good things come to those who
float let's go good things float to
those who come how about that do you
know the barrel Clan the barrel Clan the
oh that's the moon I thought that was
like a hot air balloon oh my
God whoa holy [__] fans it's [__]
Mount
Olympus keep your Spears at the ready
you never know what's around here let's
go
up whoa A bird just dropped rocks on us
stupid I can't Sprint who no there's a
there's like a horse let's get him let's
get him get your spear out why don't we
why don't we why don't we come back and
get him get your spear out just don't
let him charge get him get him I'm
stabbing him in the God damn he got
me all right not bad we're getting a
little more organized and I fell off the
raft and I'm sitting in a chair did some
reorganizing fans how's it look how's it
look I can't
move dude I'm going to die out of
here ow my oh my groin is hurting ow ow
ow ow ow ow why sometimes sometimes it
just have we need to find a radio tower
and to find the radio tower we need a
rece do we have a receiver we have a
receiving
hairline I know I do I do we need a
circuit board oh circuit board we need
copper in get to craft a circuit board
here wait can can you watch
this
whoa what is it God this island is gay
as [__] why can't we find a big one look
at
[Music]
it what whoa whoa
what what is happening this crap is
unplayable man
We wish you a Merry Christmas we wish
you a Merry Christmas bring us some
piggy pudding oh bring us some piggy
pudding and bring it the here I'm
starving so bad I'm eating my [__] it
tastes just like [__] would why do you
never fall off the edge cuz I'm not an
idiot look at the smelter I clogged it
with
copper what and I crafted it okay boom
okay so now we just need the receiver
and then I think it tells us where to go
receiver battery required Place battery
we did it now what turn on oh look
nope requires higher altitude oh here we
go look
nope now it's saying the antenna is at
the wrong altitude nope too close to
receiver oh my [__]
god n okay we need three antennas
apparently dude there is always some
[__] [__] oh my God nope there's
always
something what now how about that oh
guide us itm guide us I don't really
know what I'm
doing okay that's my birthday
do5 the battery died all right so fans
this computer is going to lead us to
that special Blue Island I don't know
exactly what's on this island but we're
going to find out our raft right now it
may look like a I don't know a piece of
[__] you would be right oh my God I
think I see it wait yeah yeah yeah
something something's lit up that's the
moon oh okay it is oh that's it that's
it that's it that's it where turn your
screen and look at the Ed what the [__]
is that this is everything we've been
working toward fans all right get ready
to drop the anchor I'll I'm going to go
drop it I'm jumping on what's this oh
what was that picked up a we stopped for
the night oh pick up note all right so
there's just a bunch of random people
leaving notes that mean I don't [__]
know
what oh what something Good's got to be
at this tippity top fans and there's a
guy oh I hope you talk
to new playable character pickup note oh
4286 boom it's on our map now it's 2,000
M away why is there so much junk in this
ocean
yeah what is this Puerto Rico look at
you survive 30 days yay wonder if we're
behind schedule you think we are oh I'm
sure oh here it is what do you see a
giant building I think I don't know
[Music]
oh well get out get out got get okay uh
oh I found I found their I found their
bed there's something on their bed it's
like a lighter and a a sex tape okay
we're in the boat fans raid the
[__] place dud R rat rat rat
rat rat
[__] got him so much it oh my God
there's a ton of [__] in this room uhhuh
ooh o o you want to play some Billiards
oh is this a picture of
you
no oh what the hell was that's one of
those damn rats what what are you doing
to it get out do your job hey yo was he
[__] the rat what this kind of sounds
like what are you doing to it get out
what is the point of all this lore I
don't know how are they leaving notes of
them screaming by the way moving the
safe out of the way moving to safe out
of the way moving to Safe oh oh this is
the
lighter oh oh yeah how do they write
that in a note scrap oh here's the note
in engine ah home
sweet okay 2045 enter that code hell
yeah fans we doing this [__] yo before
the video ends I just wanted to say to
you guys first of all thanks for
watching all the way to the end uh I
don't know if you noticed but this video
was a little bit less edited and shorter
than normal which sorry about that I
have been working on some bigger
projects and uh recording a lot I've
also been sick I don't know if you could
tell my voice but I didn't want to go
more than a couple weeks without
uploading so I decided to get this raft
video out quicker than I normally would
anyway I'm really excited for some of
upcoming videos to get them out and see
how you guys like them and I will see
you in the next terrar episode
[Music]